this is the LG 49 inch ultra wide
display yes we've been doing a lot of
fun display stuff recently oh my gosh is
it like almost as tall as me this is
crazy I am five-six on a good day for
reference
shout out to CleanMyMac for sponsoring
this video so this is a qHD 50 120 by
1440 display and shout out to my 32 inch
ultra wide moment of silence for that
thing it got destroyed in the move
[Music]
okay let's just try it I mean good lord
look at that thing
look at it
I cannot wait to have my premiere time
lines back on an ultra-wide you guys
thought that LG 32 UL 95 0 was
impressive well look at that well look
at this
I've watched videos on us I've seen this
at CES it is so much bigger in real life
I honestly don't know if this is gonna
fit on my desk what I don't want to
break another ultrawide monitor okay
here's the thing we have the main gear
PC we have the low C rate hard drive we
have the peripherals peripheral I don't
know if any of this is gonna fit on here
I mean obviously the keyboard and mouse
but I might have to move my main gear
off the desk which would be a shame cuz
it's so beautiful is that like a bronze
and not a silver because that's not
gonna do can we not get a close-up on
this real quick so that's kind of a
bronzey Rose Goldy finish there which
you know I'm a silver gal it's not the
same color is this Oh interesting I mean
it definitely looks fancier which I
guess is a plus okay so you have to
actually screw this in there we go okay
good so there's actually something this
is definitely quality content yeah very
entertaining look at that look how much
the stand takes up Oh a nice we're
definitely gonna have to move my PC off
the desk let's just see what it looks
like oh my gosh this is so heavy
hey hey guys I might be able to leave it
I need to go to the GM there's no way
there's no way
I'm never gonna go home I'm just gonna
sit here and stare at this thing all day
I'm here in Texas to bring you today
spots are clean my Mac X now I'm here at
my grandparents home so I want to
introduce you to someone
near and dear to my heart meemaw she has
a iPhone an iPad and an iMac she's the
hippest grandma around meemaw but you're
having some issues where I'm at yes but
how long have you had said iMac oh it's
about three or four years old I guess
okay so there's probably some junk on it
yeah there's junk on it
that clicks on everything after we got
meemaw on an updated machine we
installed CleanMyMac it will make your
Mac as good as new and boy does she need
that the UI is clean and easy to use
even well your grandma can use it a
single smart scan can find and delete
unneeded files zap any malware found and
clear cache to make sure your Mac is as
zippy as when you first bought it the
mail attachments cleanup helped with
meemaw and even I gave it a go on my
macbook my favorite feature was the
storage map it's a visual way to
identify where your biggest files are
also included is this helpful status bar
app you can clear your ram with a click
of a button
we did it meanwhile you can go forth and
conquer and download all of the emails
sign up for all of the newsletters and
you have a clean Mac now if this
computer can survive yours can too so
make sure to download a free trial if
you need a clean Mac description below
it was fun hanging up it bad final
stickers
how does this guy look it's $13.99 so
it's pretty pricey but later I'm gonna
kind of talk about it and respect to the
Samsung and the Dell ultra-wide that
just came out the 49 inch versions but
before we hop into it let's talk about
the tech specs a little bit the LG 49 WL
95 seijo say that five times fast is a
49 inch 60 Hertz IPS ultrawide monitor
with a 99% s RGB color gamut
it is HDR 10 compatible but currently
there's no listings yet as to what level
of certification it achieved the monitor
boasts a pair of 10 watt stereo speakers
that sound fantastic and plenty of i/o
including a USB C Thunderbolt 3 which
carries 85 watts of power delivery
there's also no brick on the power cable
which is nice and very clean it's an IPS
panel which helps maintain wide viewing
angles and there's an anti-glare matte
coating the response time seems pretty
quick and is sufficient for casual
gaming for games that support it this
aspect ratio makes it very easy to just
get lost in a game and I never claimed
to be good at gaming ok hit me back up
when halo comes out on Steam the monitor
is 25 pounds without the base and
wobbles on the stand that's included
when doing anything more intense than
casual typing luckily it supports the
vase amount standards so I'll be looking
into a proper desk / maybe wall mount to
free up some space below I don't have
any scientific way of proving that this
looks better than my old 34 UC 98 the
vertical resolution of 1440 well is
exactly the same but it just looks
better to my eye a little brighter and
more on par with the colors you will
usually get from Apple computers just
fired on the main gear PC and it looks
like it's getting stretched a little bit
I wonder what the initial setup will be
like don't like my password don't stop
don't look at my password God there we
go so you have to use the DisplayPort if
you want the full 5k the problem was
with my other ultra wide I was using the
HDMI cable
okay initial thoughts Wow the first
thing that I'm going to
you is go to my friends video about New
York this display unlike the dell has
some beefy speakers built in so we'll
test out that to look how far over I'm
like I'm trying to hit the 1080 make
sure it's in 1080 I'm like hey over
there how are you yeah can we get this
in 1080 what a wild world we live in
speakers sound great I'm gonna move the
rugged ray drive to another desk because
I'm transferring over to this it's super
quick via Thunderbolt 3 don't have
Thunderbolt 3 on the main gear so I'm
using my Dell XPS to transfer over to
here most the time so we can move it to
another desk make this a little bit more
of a clean setup oh my gosh look how
messy it is over here thanks and this is
what we call tomorrow's problem look the
speaker's fit perfectly
does peachy family proof this is where I
make all the magic happens you have the
elgato Kela if I need to livestream if I
need to film on my desk that's the one
good thing about having an ultra-wide
with live streaming you can have
multiple windows open you can have OBS
open have the chat have questions have a
little script all the things can be
displayed on this one machine the thing
that we're all here for though is to see
a beautiful premiere timeline recent
video is my Dell XPS I did a little
upgrade to it so let's just see what
that premiere timeline looks like ok is
there like an ultra wide workspace this
premiere have that yet let's set up the
ideal setup here right ok for you
normals out there who maybe have a job
you're probably getting feedback from
the boss person so let's go to like Oh
frame frame do people use that for give
a feedback on videos alright maybe I'm
on video blocks maybe I need some assets
you know just shout out to all of the
sponsors well frame dot IO isn't
sponsoring me yet girl at computer why
would we need gyro love that when it's
like the great thing about Windows is
window management is very easy to handle
so say I want the premiere timeline over
here I just
press windows right keep and then I
choose what I want over here so I want
my feedback right this is feedback from
the client from my editor whatever it is
I'm gonna move that Wow
premier looks great but I don't think I
even need premier this big so my initial
thought was oh I can just hit Windows
over again no that just moves things
again and Windows really only wants a
maximum of four windows and it being two
by two so I can come here and hit the
Windows key and the down arrow put
something up here and go over here get
Windows key down arrow again and then
put something else up here but this is
as far as you can go with Windows 10
snapping which is kind of disappointing
so if I want three windows side by side
I'm gonna have to manually do that
Windows 10 we need an update please so
Windows does help you out you see how
it's keeping the window there and it
automatically snap to the top and bottom
so it's still going to be cleaner than
if you hooked it up to a Mac to be
honest and then we're gonna look for my
frame dot IO we're gonna put it over
here so there we go
takes a few extra seconds but having
that windows nothing would be much
easier we are going to build the ideal
ultra wide premier workspace
[Music]
okay so this would be the ultimate
premier set up look how beautiful I'm
only using what two-thirds of the screen
we have this section over here four feet
back up the video
you know frame I Oh someone left some
notes for me to change in my edit so I
can look at that okay cool come over
here see where it is oh yeah oh that's
right here okay zoom in let's edit that
let's change that oh that timeline that
timeline is it not just beautiful I move
my main window to more of the center so
I'm not over here watching watching the
playback so it makes more sense to have
it more in the center to have my affects
controls right here essential graphics
to the right over here but the main
feature is the project window this is
where all your footage it is all of your
assets look at how beautiful that is a
lot of times people will have an
entirely different monitor that's
vertical just to have their project
window to have all their footage see I
color code based on what the frame rates
are and so I can scroll through there
see what I have preview here okay cool
cool cool I can come over to here this
is what we call icon view look how
beautiful that is
so you know right off the bat the
footage that we're already working with
you can set in and out points from here
preview it in the in the window but the
most exciting part is with the new
premiere release they have this new
window down here called freeform view
I'm gonna click that and this basically
makes a new timeline where I can group
my clips and essentially make an edit I
can actually extend this window even
more to have more room over here and I
can just throw this clip over here okay
I'm gonna group that there and I'm gonna
just keep scrolling over I want that
there and you can just basically make a
rough edit in your freeform view so
ideally when I'm grouping these things
you know maybe I'm setting it in an out
point okay in out point I can send in an
out point from this view and then I can
just drop it that's not the full clip
that's just what I selected or maybe I
already set all of the in and out points
for these clips right I've grouped them
together and then I say okay I want all
of that on my
by now and look it just drops all of the
clips a new a new video that you've
edited over over here in the project
window Wow let's see I think you can
just reset it here to boom so I just
said reset to name and you already have
it you can just go again I love this
free point of view I think it's gonna be
super helpful for the videos that aren't
straight forward this is becoming a
video about premiere but this makes me
excited you video editors out there
productivity is the name of your game if
you need a lot of windows open if you
trade stocks you're a finance bro you
need an ultra-wide I would probably
recommend it's a 34-inch for starters
what I previously had before I smash the
screen on accident but this 49 inch eye
I would like to say that it's overkill
but I don't think it's overkill if you
have a thousand three hundred and
ninety-nine dollars to spend I would
consider this this desk is sixty inches
and the actual platform is 28 inches if
you need to compare what your desk looks
like see if it'll fit it might look
goofy but hey you're the one with ultra
ride if you want a little bit more of a
curve Samsung's curve is tighter the
only thing that stands out with the del
is the del has a built-in KVM where you
can control two different desktops with
one keyboard and one Mouse so that has a
lot of different applications maybe you
have a Mac and a PC desktop then you'd
be able to control it with the same
keyboard and mouse which is pretty cool
LG has software that you can download to
do that okay I would take a hardware
solution any day over software the LG
one you can pre-order and apparently
it's coming soon and then Dell ultra
ride ship starting April 29th so a lot
of similarities between the LG and Dell
Samsung's obvious choice for you gamers
and I'm just here to say ultra whites
are here to stay let's just let's just
take a step back here so we can take it
all in right
okay well thank you so much for joining
me on this video let me know what you
think about this monitor may be ultra
wise as a whole hit that subscribe
button for new videos every single week
and check out my link in the description
for clean my Mac X it's your Mac slow
get it running exactly the way it was
when you first got it you know okay
thank you for watching
I've been having fun this is fun I love
unboxing things and new tech okay say
peachy okay bye
[Music]